i  understand that because you did it the easy way richard you build a channel based on bullying
and  judgment his
from  a guy who deliberately lies about
criminal  liable isn't
as  i can't be
charged  for
whereas
a  lying about how people conduct their business like how you did with
someone's  feelings by pointing
stupid  they are that is criminal
none  other
noxious
and  i have stayed away from making a video had
for  as long as a bush
this  guy loves
does  away at a
to  day we take a look at the strong part
creator  of the
book  book
are  all that important
to
we
and
so
stupid
you  know
this  is like with you know what stories about my
but  people just make up make up stories about
it's  lonely at the top
read  the whole book
laughable  nonsense these
guys  are so alike i am
just  dawning on
like  honestly to day to day it dawned on me
so
i
now  really have nothing
i  find trump
and  never once missed
and  actually guys have to admit there is the
what
not  often but yes
so
shivananda
you  been arrested both men
i  would
he's  not just a little bit stupid yet i don't want to call an idiot
i  do
feel  that these people are diatonic
more
i  am
what  i saw had
can't  help but feel though these people are idiots when they're not brilliant when their imbeciles
pretending  their witty and charming and brilliant when they're not pretending their humorous
and  intelligent when they're not between vegan sheeta and danira
he  when he sitting on the bench next
guy  he's the smartest tack in the stack itineration
you  share with us exactly
because  you like to use
you  can
to  be a
okay  guys many of us also
and  can i just say this i don't ever remember having the time
it  is resistance
in  their beautiful
we  need an randa are in low
they  stand
as  especially good looking no they're not good looking period they're not like
trump  i sallies to judge women on the
i  sell zelie
i  lay following a
you  know that he
well  let's just say your pole numbers
so  good
wonder  why i tell you now understand
heavily  watched
you  understand that the way women vote on
oh  you could be a model no you
attentats  plant
eats  every one he's a lying
come
i  honestly don't understand how any one like this has an audience
boring  a
now  that you all know he's lying to you constantly
what's  the point in watching
if  you subscribe to them
but
i  do not have had several
ah  in terms of what i can do positively in
we  were laughing or as
were  laughing and laughing of course we should have we should have reported that we should have hortensia reaction to the
and  in the midst of in the midst of our hysterical
you  know what i'm going to do i'm going to send
i'm  going to offer tabooing
in  which i will wear the cut out cardboard
these  various people he keeps giving keeps offer of agathe and boxing meywood ever
accept  right so i said look you know richard we can like print out like a computer photograph
the  face of planted like cut it out like
stick  it on to you know that'll imposing head
i  think that would work and it's all we can do we can do a serene boxing that and each
round  the boxing match aware the mask
the  the masseuse pretty quick this plan doesn't
love  me getting question the face but you i can with a mask of plants and a bunch of these other guys case
you  keep trying to resolve these situations with the offer of a
that  would be an excuse
caonabo
i  got a basin at offendene coming up i don't even want to win but i mean
you  want to lose with decency and after and after it the way a lot
so  that what had of it the other things that come to mind me looking at this i'm in a comment below one of the ends
and  you know part of the original
you  know you're go to years ago
part  of what made it magical
a  lot of its working together even the
big  pop in
and  of course the israelis there these different
and  attell you
do
isolated  isleting bunch a lot of what's wrong with canadian cold
and  a lot of what rotation political
and  then the diabolical culture
within
the  way he approaches all these problems whether it's him
pacing
emily
always  tries to take the more
now  i had tideswell think a work worth watchman
i  think the ideal like i'm a terrible person i know a material person but a couple of the tides the
meat  we can i can give
you'll  visionaries
it's  really destructive preempts any possibility of productive conversation
or  cooperation progress
he  starts off with in relation to be
by  explaining you exactly how we consider
whether  it's a part
hard  work on a steer bullying
botheration  ed out what when i approach people
explained  this methodology
i  would really start off the same situation with the hay look
i  moytubber i'm trying to make content and find out
you  you to be in exactly the same
so  i'm not going to call you a combat because if you're a combat that i must come back to the same
and  if you're a terrible person because you insult other tubers sometimes
the  amateurs by the same to
which  in this case of the completely true and accurate
ponteach  is very much guilty of the things he's a cut in and out
right  it is ludicrous from detroit take the more irons and again after i've just shown
you  these clips
he  did in relation to my chanel
he  is not in a position taken away and he could have my channel is as deserving a criticism
i'm  not saying nothing of don
reproach  or a want to say there are things that there on the hill that you can criticize but he doesn't really criticise
he  obviously at it might you know for communicant but he's misrepresenting
both  in the
it  has no salience to
he  really threw away the
as  richard says as being gained says he does the same thing tramore
instead  of reporting the new
stead  of actually engaging
dialogue
he  gets to do with an imaginary partner because he is inventing
that  you never
he's  a signing things
wildly  element
politically  in otherwise man obviously if you just saw the video
what  he compared like he said i'm going to discuss how
right
well  don't think or youthink he won that debate i mean there was no way to latinities
you  think he proved a pointed out any meaningful similarities to myself and donald trump
you  know what i mean that just went nowhere but so it takes i'm not
singing  my political
he  cried you know i would love it if there were other channels the criticized me in the
scene  the row thoughtful way that i have criticised carry francie
i  would love it if there were other channels to criticize me in the same meaningly that i even criticized
then
you  know and go again there's a play last it's cold like most of lemos offensive play lest ever
thinks  like nethercote i admit people did frontenac not a meaningless criticism i didn't just
call  them
there's  a really meaningful set of political reflections in discussions on that play less and you can disagree
with  it that's cool but don't come on the internet and mister rose misrepresented and labour it
give  aconomy like what he
problems  with
are  actually
a  broader
and  with canadium mentality no depending on when you're fomented state
you  may feel canadian cultures very similar to river melissa is from the foreign or
you're  from mc
and  you know i joke with her and my old when you come to canada it's goin to
obviously  i mean in michigan they also have people who get drunk and watch i saw but
but  if you're from texas
the  culture in texas iolanthe culture
but  frankly you couture washington d c
i
so  nerthus country and it is culture
but  canada in some ways
in  some ways more influence
in
and  i'm not joking when i say like in canada
we  don't come
real  problems i've seen this
and  a sorry this is true most of the people i mean the race with the
it's  a very rare that i
almost
you  know i was in old an ecological politics of
and  he started working
working
while  these people can actually
these  people can chinese immigrants in
such  a contrast
white  western left wing
you  know like when you tried to organize
i
everybody  is trying to back slabery body else everybody's playing the fun of hamlet's not even the base
every  one's playing this game of
who  do you think you are don't you know who i think
every  one playing this game of i'm morally superior to you for reason acts just like planet
it's  all about claiming the moral high ground and like you know you're trying to get a bunch of left when
you
logical
and  it's all the boat whose more left wing then who and whose moral gil the
it  really and this
oh  yes oh yes oh yes but as wasn't just involved
he  particularly
oh  yeah well so but also remember what my expenses
sopwith  canadian academic he supposedly carbolic
whatever  the cause is in reality
really  live close
it's  very very hard yea but i mean with so the other thing someone wrote to me in response
to  my comment i commend to
you
you  can't get
and
somebody  wrote in saying no that's just
that  there is a lot of labor
ever  to look in her that is not my
and  the cane the canadians who were not on
ay  worse at least people come on you tube like an
they're  used to kind of gathering their thoughts and stating them publicly in there they have a kind of pre
habitus
willing  to engage with the
and  the canadian like began who are not nutther won't even
they  will you meantime you can go to the ecological event or the conference of the
academic  career go to the political event and they will stand there
and  feast a face give you the sign
and  moses people so we talked with the set was similar he said in
there's  this really deep cultural habit in an
people  have made this white inch
they  make one circle of friends
they  get really is to that circle of friends
and  with a gay
he  had the crescent judge them it was all the realists don't
judge  me i won't judge you compact and they stay inside that circle of friends and they stand touch
my  face book even if
and  they never open up they never moved beyond it they never challenge themselves
they  never open of the other the other kinds
and  what i live the world making friends with cambodians
i  lived in cambodia you know i can odium friends each hard there's a language bertha's culture
you  know making his any example you know whatever would all of livelier the rout
even  with the uncandid you're thirty year old you know adult making
friends  with new strange dulion know where you're coming from don't relate who don't make
excuses
if  you like with your they're going to ask you what has a wide your life backup you know what i mean they're
going  to ask you rigorous since you graduate university why are the production with you when
you  make me friends either within or
there  are these kinds of challenges to you go and if you're going to have colleagues in politics
fundamentally  a lot of it has to do with that sense
respect  and
and  a white and wished
it's  all about cutting you out who do you think you are don't you know what
they
sense  of more spirit and then they have this other little secret world they were
this  is my circle of friends they know who i really am they don't judge me whether
they  were picked up during
once
in  your experience
the
it  is the ultimate abowian sail like it's not deep but its
but  you know obviously on one level this is
meaningless
squabble  for the sake of having
but  i do think
symptomatic
kind  of underlying
that  is
and  you know not every wants to be
people
going  on but
you  know leadership and followers
you  have to be able to get people
it's  five people
all  all the
the  ultimate
and  you are able of reflecting on like you having a meeting me so cages so what have we
accomplished  in
that's  important for
and  i really think it
getting  to that
ameres  pect
being  called
you  know you could have competitive attitudes
you  can have you know the
you  don't have to be friends exactly but you have to be
we  really
and  when i got in both with predicate
in  contrast to
at
again  these people there
these  people
most  important is
these  people know how to talk
they're  not for
but  you know who
again  and again
and  i mean
as  there were people who act like
people  who act exactly the same way planting its acts
the  moral superiority in all the ship and they have no use channel they have nothing to promote
there's  no money in it for them
their  just a self important fame hearing back stabbing
all  the time
you  know i see the same attitude
we  don't even have that possible
it  related news by the way you know i'm a canadian city
you  know my status in
stuff  counts for nothing of it so many videos in this channel taking the first nations
that  doesn't
emotional  common
ultimate
problems  in my
then
i  care
ultimately  i can't choose to
keep  it all a real